docs: add README.md (#7)
o-development/solid-notification-client: README.md

# Solid Notification Client 

This library implements the disovery and subscription to a Notication Channel following the [Solid Notifications Protocol](https://solidproject.org/TR/notifications-protocol).

## Discovery

A first step for having Solid Notifications is having a resource of interest to which you want to subscribe, we will call this resource the **topic**.

> To [discover](https://solidproject.org/TR/notifications-protocol#discovery) whether the topic supports a certain [**channel type**](https://solid.github.io/notifications/protocol#notification-channel-types), you can use the **DiscoveryClient**. (A list of channel types can be found [here](https://github.com/solid/notifications#notificatoin-channel-types))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To [discover](https://solidproject.org/TR/notifications-protocol#discovery) whether the topic supports a certain [**channel type**](https://solid.github.io/notifications/protocol#notification-channel-types), you can use the **DiscoveryClient**. (A list of channel types can be found [here](https://solidproject.org/TR/#notification-channel-type-registry))
```

This link is a little bit more official, at least until Solid WG gets created and picks up the notification work.

git clone https://github.com/o-development/solid-notification-client.git
cd solid-notification-client
npm i 
```

Building the project can be achieved through the following command:

```bash
npm run build
```

## Additional information

### Authenticated fetch

The classes **DiscoveryClient** and **SubscriptionClient** require a [`fetch`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/fetch) function to be passed as constructor argument.
The default `fetch` function results into sending unauthenticated requests to a Solid Server.

However, when the topic is a resource which has authorization requirements, you need to pass an authenticated fetch function.
Inrupt provides libraries to which you can log in with your WebID following the [Solid-OIDC](https://solidproject.org/TR/oidc) Protocol:

* [@inrupt/solid-client-authn-node](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@inrupt/solid-client-authn-node) can be used in NodeJs
* [@inrupt/solid-client-authn-browser](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@inrupt/solid-client-authn-browser) can be used in the browser

After logging in, you can use the **Session** object to get an authenticated fetch function: `session.fetch`.

### Notification Sender

> For channel types that has a [Notification Sender](https://solidproject.org/TR/notifications-protocol#NotificationSender), an extra argument (an URL) must be provided to announce to the Solid Server the `sendTo` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For channel types where the [Notification Sender](https://solidproject.org/TR/notifications-protocol#NotificationSender) opens the connection e.g., [WebhookChannel2023](https://solid.github.io/notifications/webhook-channel-2023)), an extra argument (an URL) must be provided to announce to the Subscription Server the `sendTo` property.
```
